Sencore News: The Sencore Z-Meter – the Gold Standard July 04 by Glen Kropuenske 
http://www.sencore.com mailto:sales@sencore.com 1.800.736.2673 
 
  
Glen Kropuenske 
SENCORE, Inc. 
 Application Engineer 
1.800.736.2673 or 
1.605.339.0100 
mailto:ae@sencore.com 
http://www.sencore.com 
The Sencore 
Z-Meter 
– the Gold 
Standard 
 
    
Gold, the most precious of metals, symbolizes great value and 
performance. For example, the Ol ympic gold metal is awarded to 
the highest achiever, the one who performs above all the 
competition. In the field of capacitor and inductor testing, the 
Sencore Z-Meter gets the gold! Here’s why. 
  
Gold: Test All Capacitor Types and Values 
 
Many different types of capacitors are used in el ectronic circuits. Each t ype has properties which 
make it desirable for particular applications. Th e type of capacitor also determines how it will go 
bad and what analyzing tests are needed to determine if the capacitor is good or bad. 
 
Capacitors come in a variety of capacitance values . Ceramic capacitors generally offer the smallest 
values down to a fraction of 1 pi co-farad. Aluminum electrolytics range in value from 0.1 µFd to 
300,000 µFd. Topping the capacitance value range is th e double layer electroly tic or “Gold Cap” 
which can be several Farads in value. 
  Figure 1. Capacitors come in many 
different types and values. 
 
  
 
A capacitor analyzer must have a measuring range th at permits testing of a ll types and values of 
capacitors. Many capacitor value testers claim this, but few deliver. Only the Sencore Z-Meter can 
test capacitors from 0.1 pico-farad to 20 Fara ds. Other capacitor value testers simply cannot 
measure below 1 pFd and/or above 200,000 µFd. 
 

Sencore News: The Sencore Z-Meter – the Gold Standard July 04 by Glen Kropuenske 
http://www.sencore.com mailto:sales@sencore.com 1.800.736.2673 
  
Capacitor types have different 
parameters that require different 
testing criteria. The Sencore Z-
Meter divides capacitors into one of 
five different types for testing. Some 
capacitor types, such as the double 
layer electrolytic type, require a 
different and patented capacitance 
test to accurately determine the 
proper capacitance value. Other 
types simply have lesser or greater 
tolerances to the Z-Meter tests to be 
accurately determined good or bad.  
 
 
 
   
Figure 2. A capacitor analyzer must test all capacitor types 
accurately from 0.1 pFd ceramic cap to a 1 Farad double-
layer electrolytic.
 
  
 
Gold: Test Capacitors for all 4 Ways They Fail 
 
Capacitors can fail in 4 different ways and cause  improper circuit operation. Most testers only test 
for one or two ways in which a capacitor fails.  Capacitor failures include:  
 
1. Change in Value 
2. Equivalent Series Resistance (ESR) 
3. Dielectric Leakage 
4. Dielectric Absorption 
 
  Figure 3. Capacitors can 
fail in four different ways. 
 
   
Capacitors can change in value due to changes in  the dielectric or plat e properties. Capacitors 
fail from a decrease in value only about 25% of the time. This means a capacitance value 
tester finds only 1 out of every 4 bad capacitors. A calculator is usually needed to calculate the 
percent of variation to determine if the value is within tolerance.  
 
   
Sencore News: The Sencore Z-Meter – the Gold Standard July 04 by Glen Kropuenske 
http://www.sencore.com mailto:sales@sencore.com 1.800.736.2673 
ESR testing capacitors 
above 1000 µFd 
requires 0.01 ohms of 
resolution for 
good/bad testing. 
 
ESR is the small amount of resistance in a capacitor’s leads and 
dielectric that worsens on aging ta ntalum or aluminum electrolytic 
capacitors. ESR testing requires a special testing method. Normal ESR 
limits vary between aluminum and tantalum types and their values. 
Small value electrolytic capacitors; 0.1, 0.22, 0.33, and 0.47 µFd are now 
common among electronic circuits. ES R on electrolytic capacitors above 
1000 µFd is less than 0.5 ohms requiring 0.01 ohms of resolution for 
good/bad testing. Testers that only te st ESR do not accurately test 
capacitors below 1 µFd and do not provide the resolution to good/bad 
test ESR on capacitors over 1000 µFd. Fu rthermore, they miss all other 
types of capacitor failures. 
 
  
Capacitor leakage develops when the capacitor has an internal parallel resistance that permits 
current to flow between the capacitor plates. So me types of capacitors fail by arcing through the 
dielectric forming a carbonized leakage path. Electrolytic capacitors are especially prone to leakage 
problems as the dielectric or insulation is formed via a chemical reaction when voltage is applied to 
the capacitor. Most capacitor te sters do not test for leakage a nd therefore miss a high number of 
capacitor failures. 
 
  
The patented Z-meter 
dielectric absorption 
test determines a 
capacitor’s D/A 
percentage in only a 
few seconds. 
Dielectric Absorption (D/A) is the capacitor’s inability to completely 
discharge. D/A acts as a battery disr upting the circuit bi as and changing 
the capacitors effective value in the ci rcuit. In various electrolyte type 
capacitors, D/A accounts for 1 out  of 5 bad capacitors. While a 
conventional D/A test requires up to 30 minutes to complete, a patented 
Z-meter method determines a capacitor’s dielectric absorption 
percentage in only a few seconds. No  other capacitor tester checks for 
D/A.  
  
 
Figure 4. A capacitor analyzer must be able to 
test and detect all 4 capacitor defects. 
 
  
Gold: Test Leakage at the Capacitor’s Rated Working Voltage 
 
An important test of aluminum and tantalum electr olytic capacitors is testing for leakage. Leakage 
is a common defect in these capacitor types. A myth is that leakage can  be detected with an 
ohmmeter or low voltage power supply. Nothing could be farther from the truth.  
 
Sencore News: The Sencore Z-Meter – the Gold Standard July 04 by Glen Kropuenske 
http://www.sencore.com mailto:sales@sencore.com 1.800.736.2673 
 
  
Leakage failures often exhibit a zener diode effect. 
At low voltage potentials, below the zener voltage, 
the capacitor has little or no leakage. To an 
ohmmeter the capacitor looks good or quickly 
charges to high resistance.  As higher voltages are 
applied to the capacitor the zener voltage is 
exceeded and high leakage current flows. 
Therefore, it is essential to test the capacitor for 
leakage at its rated working voltage. Electrolytic 
capacitors range in working voltage from a few 
volts to nearly 500 volts. 
Figure 5. Leakage current can zener-on at 
higher voltage potentials. Testing leakage at 
the capacitor rated working voltage insures 
leakage defects are detected.
 
The Z-Meter tests leakag e by applying the rated 
working voltage to the capacitor using a 
programmable leakage power supply. Upon 
entering the capacitor’s working voltage with the 
numeric keypad the leakage test button is pressed. 
After a few seconds the cap acitor is fully charged 
and the leakage current is displayed.   
  
Figure 6. The Z-Meter’s programmable leakage 
power supply tests leakage on any capacitor at its 
working voltage up to 1000 volts.
 
  
Gold: Reference EIA Standards for Automatic Good/Bad Test Analysis 
 
Determining a capacitor good or bad is difficult with  most testers. Capaci tance testers typically 
require a calculator to determine the tolerance limits. ESR meters typically have a one limit fits all 
capacitors which causes interpretation errors. Component curve tracers require delicate 
interpretation of lines, circles, or oval shapes . Capacitor dissipation factor or power factor 
measurements require a manufacturer rating for comparison. Commonly th ere is no conclusive 
good/bad determination. You are le ft guessing if the measurement value indicates the capacitor is 
good or bad.    
 
The LC103 “ReZolver” takes the gu ess work out of determining if  the capacitor is good or bad. 
Value measurements are automatically compared to the capacitor’s rated value and +/- tolerance 
limits entered into the Z-Meter with the numeric keypad. The capacitor value measurement is 
accompanied by a good or bad indication. No calculation is required.  
 
Maximum ESR, Leakage and D/A values vary w ith capacitor type, value and working voltage. 
Limits have been established by the Electronic Industry Association (EIA) through the consensus 
of capacitor manufacturers. Memory  tables within the LC103 contai n this reference good/bad data 
limits. The limits provide a good/bad reference for each capacitor tested with the LC103.  
 
Simply enter the capacitor type, value, tolerance and working voltage. Each Z-meter analyzing test 
Sencore News: The Sencore Z-Meter – the Gold Standard July 04 by Glen Kropuenske 
http://www.sencore.com mailto:sales@sencore.com 1.800.736.2673 
accompanies an automatic good or bad readout, referenced to industry standards.  
 
 
   
Figure 7.  Each Z-meter test indicates good or bad, eliminating any chance of 
interpretation or calculation errors. 
  
Gold: Analyze Inductors for 4 Ways They Fail 
 
Inductors can fail in 4 ways and cause improper circuit operation. Most testers check for value 
only. Inductor failures include: 
 
1. Short (Many shorted turns) 
2. Open 
3. Value Change  
4. A single shorted turn 
 
The LC103 dynamically test any inductor from 0.1 µH to 20 Henrys automatically based upon the 
inductor type, value and tolerance entered via the numeric keypad. The patented inductor test 
measures the true inductance of the coil and det ects when the coil is open or shorted. The value 
readout is accompanied by a good or bad indication eliminating any calculation errors. 
 
The patented Ringer test energizes the coil in co mbination with selected capacitors within the Z-
Meter and counts the number of resulting resona nt oscillations or rings. A good coil having no 
shorted turn rings more than 10 times. A coil with a shorted turn rings less than 10.  
 
Sencore News: The Sencore Z-Meter – the Gold Standard July 04 by Glen Kropuenske 
http://www.sencore.com mailto:sales@sencore.com 1.800.736.2673 
  
 
Figure 8. The Z-Meter dynamically tests 
coils for all the ways they fail with two 
patented good/bad tests. 
 
  
 
 
Gold: Analyze Capacitors & Inductors In-Circuit 
 
In circuit capacitor and inductor testing accuracy is plagued with many parallel components and 
circuit paths. In-circuit ESR only testers often miss bad capacitors in-circuit when they are reduced 
in value, shorted or leaky. This can add hours to a repair job.  
 
The LC103 uses four analyzing tests to comprehensively determine the capacitor value and ESR in-
circuit. Two tests are used to determine the capacito r value. An RC charge constant test checks the 
capacitor value and is compared to a second va lue test determined by applying several test 
frequencies. If the values are within 20% there are no parallel impedances  influencing the test 
accuracy. Another test identifies parallel resistance by measuring the current needed to hold the 
capacitor charged following the RC charge value test.   
 
The comprehensive in-circuit capacitor analyzing tests result in a display of the capacitor value and 
ESR for capacitors ranging from 0.02 µFd to  20,000 µFd. A value readout accompanied by 
“Suggest Removal” on the display readout indicates the Z-Meter detected parallel in-circuit paths 
and/or components affecting the measurement accuracy.   
 
An adjustable in-circuit test probe makes connec tion to both small surface mount and large leaded 
capacitors and inductors. The probe is designed for one-handed use. Simply adjust the probe to the 
capacitor lead width, press the pr obe points to the leads, and pr ess the test button on the probe 
body. You can concentrate on holdi ng a good solid connection until you hear three short beeps 
from the Z-Meter indicating the test is complete. The Z-meter test results are frozen on the display 
for 3 seconds permitting easy viewing.  
 
Sencore News: The Sencore Z-Meter – the Gold Standard July 04 by Glen Kropuenske 
http://www.sencore.com mailto:sales@sencore.com 1.800.736.2673 
  
Figure 9. The LC103 in-circuit 
capacitor test indicates capacitor 
value and ESR after performing a 
series of in-circuit analyzing tests.
 
  
Gold: Add an Accessory to Analyze Semiconductors 
The STA260 Semiconductor Test Accessory teams with the LC103 to test semiconductor devices. 
The STA260 dynamically tests SCRS, transistors,  triacs and IGBTs for “turn on” and leakage 
under normal operating voltage conditions.  
 
  
Figure 10. The STA260 accessory 
analyzes semiconductors for ‘turn-on’ 
and ‘turn-off’ capability and leakage.
 
  
Get the Gold! 
 
Yes, the Sencore LC103 Z-Meter gets the gold! Join the winner circle with a Sencore Z-Meter and 
get your own little pot of gold.  For more information visit the product section at 
http://www.sencore.com/products/products.htm
  or call 1-800 SENCORE.  
  http://www.sencore.com mailto:sales@sencore.com 1.800.736.2673
1.605.339.0100
 