'''Last known LC103 Software Rev. is:  VERMD
'''Last known LC103 Software Rev. is:  VERg
''RCouldn't open the Software Rev. file.  Place the flopply disk in the computer NOW.s
'Last known LC103 Software Rev. is:  VER
'Last known LC103 Software Rev. is:  VERMD
'Last known LC103 Software Rev. is:  VERRCouldn't open the Software Rev. file.  Place the flopply disk in the computer NOW.
'Last known LC103 Software Rev. is:  VERg
*.calBPlease choose the file containing the inductance calibration data.
*.calBPlease choose the file containing the inductance calibration data.PTH0
*.calBPlease choose the file containing the inductance calibration data.d:\automated\lv51\lvsource\gencode.cGenRangeCheck
*.calBPlease choose the file containing the inductance calibration data.gencode.cGenDispatchEntry
*.calCPlease choose the file containing the capacitance calibration data.
*.calCPlease choose the file containing the capacitance calibration data.PTH0
++BPlease choose the file containing the inductance calibration data.
++BPlease choose the file containing the inductance calibration data.V
++BPlease choose the file containing the inductance calibration data.W
BPlease choose the file containing the inductance calibration data.
BPlease choose the file containing the inductance calibration data.V
CCCPlease choose the file containing the capacitance calibration data.O
CCCPlease choose the file containing the capacitance calibration data.V
CCCPlease choose the file containing the capacitance calibration data.W
CPlease choose the file containing the capacitance calibration data.O
CPlease choose the file containing the capacitance calibration data.V
Couldn't open the Software Rev. file.  Please set the Software Rev. manually on the front panel.  Place the flopply disk in the computer NOW.
Couldn't open the Software Rev. file.  Please set the Software Rev. manually on the front panel.  Place the flopply disk in the computer NOW.MD
LAST KNOWN LC103 SOFTWARE REV. IS:  VER1.50
PAn invalid Software Rev. number was specified.  Please fix this after cal fails.
PAn invalid Software Rev. number was specified.  Please fix this after cal fails.SE
Path to Version File
Path to Version File&
Path to Version File*
Path to Version File,
Path to Version File4
Path to Version File8
Path to Version FileH
Path to Version FileZ
Path to Version Filep2
Press F1 to change paths.Y
RCouldn't open the Software Rev. file.  Place the flopply disk in the computer NOW.s
Software Rev.
Software Rev. 
Software Rev. Check
Software Rev. CheckW
Software Rev. Check_
Software Rev. Check`
Software Rev."
Software Rev.4
Software Rev.4!
Software Rev.>
Software Rev.@
Software Rev.H
Software Rev.L
Software Rev.P
Software Rev.PTH0
Software Rev.W
Software Rev.Y
Software Rev.\
Software Rev.p0
Software Rev.ss4
Software Rev.x0
VERSION.DATLAST KNOWN LC103 SOFTWARE REV. IS:  VER1.50
VERSION.DATPK
VER`Couldn't retrieve the proper Software Rev. number.  Please set this manually on the front panel.
`Couldn't retrieve the proper Software Rev. number.  Please set this manually on the front panel.
a:\version.dat
a:\version.datX
version.dat
xxxxRCouldn't open the Software Rev. file.  Place the flopply disk in the computer NOW.'Last known LC103 Software Rev. is:  VER
