!Open or Create File (function=%d)
" Failed Calibration. Adjusted >10%
"""Cause an error for abort to occur.U
"""Wait a few mils for updated Abort?n
$continue or stop message on an error
$continue or stop message on an errorRD
&data to be written to the serial portL
'Last known LC103 Software Rev. is: VER
'q,Make sure the red UUT lead is not connected.
( Failed Calibration. Gain Adjustment>10%
(the default value) displays a dialog box with a single OK button. After the user responds, the VI returns control to the main VI.
)))Lowest Current Range
)type of dialog (continue or stop message)
)type of dialog (continue or stop message)QD
*.calBPlease choose the file containing the inductance calibration data.
*.calBPlease choose the file containing the inductance calibration data.PTH0
*.calCPlease choose the file containing the capacitance calibration data.PTH0
*Reads a specified number of lines from a byte stream file beginning at a specified character offset. The VI opens the file beforehand and closes it afterwards.
- User abort occurred during I/O
--------------LOAD SELECT--------------------------------------
--.file is now open; proceed if function=0 (open)
-1 = library initialization failed
-I/O operation aborted
-Serial Poll Byte Lost
-Unrecognized commandEAbyte count refers to the number of bytes that pass over the GPIB.
0 (open) opens an existing file. Error 7 occurs if the file cannot be found.
0 = Abort if not DIR
0 = Abort if not DOR
0 = The specified information was returned
0=1.1MOhm connected to UUT leads; Same as '9'.
1 (open or create) opens an existing file or creates a new file if one does not exist.
1 = Set END bit on the last byte of transfer
1 = library already initialized
1 Approx. Current
10(low voltage)
100(low voltage)
100k (V/I leakage)
100k (low voltage)
10V Ref Calibration
10k(low voltage)
112create a new file if function=1-3 (open or create)
1k(low voltage / gain)
1refnum is the reference number of the open file.
2 Cal Box Setup #
3 (create) creates a new file. Error 8 occurs if the file already exists.
333Short the UUT leads to the
5Generalized DIO96 control.
778file is now open; proceed if function=1 (open or create){D
8attempt to create file fails because file already existsH
9When you use the serial port VIs under Windows, the port number parameter can have the following values:
:-Make sure the UUT leads are shorted together.
;Instr Openi
<TCP ncConnClosedErr: The connection was closed by the peer.6Interapplication Mgr amInitErr: Initialization error.
<string read. The VI returns the bytes read in string read.
===Short the UUT leads to the
=Short the UUT leads to the
@!Abort Button
@!Abort Button*
@!Start Button
@!Start Button&@@
@0@i0 Failed Calibration. Offset Adjustment too high.
@Initializes the selected serial port to the specified settings.
@return count
@return count2P@
ABORT?.viHD@
ABORT?.viHDx
Abort ButtonH
Abort ButtonX
Abort ButtonY
Abort Button^
All (Not Ringer)
BBBNow connect the red lead to the
Bytes At Serial Port.vi
Bytes At Serial Port.viHD
Bytes At Serial Port.vi_
Bytes At Serial Port.vik
CALON!Gain Calibration Failed
CINStartLoad: loaderror= %d, error=%ldLV_DIG_PORT_READSetCINArraySize, elmtNum %ld out of range 0 <= elmtNum < %ldnon-array detected
CPO,Make sure the red UUT lead is not connected.
Calibrated First.QE
Calibration Reset
Calibration Stamp
Calibration Successful!!
Calibration Unstamp
Can't Open Device
Cap Cal Failed Range ?
Capacitance Calibration
Capacitance Decade Box (High Terminal).HConnect the black UUT lead to the
Capacitance Decade Box (Low Terminal).GNow connect the red lead to the
Capacitor Calibration
Connect the '+' DVM lead to TP1006
Connection In progress
Connection aborted
Connection closed+Initialize error (interapplication manager)
Connection is already connected
Connection is not connected
Connection refused
Connection timed out!Connection is already in progress
Continue Button(
Continue ButtonH
Couldn't open the Software Rev. file. Please set the Software Rev. manually on the front panel. Place the flopply disk in the computer NOW.
Current MUST be Calibrated FirstH
Current Source Calibration
Current Source CalibrationH
Current Source CalibrationfConnect the UUT and/or DVM leads to
Current Test
Current Test*
Current TestH
Current file mark plus pos offset.
Current file mark plus pos offset. This is the default value.
D/A TestfConnect the UUT and/or DVM leads to
D@Initializes the selected serial port to the specified settings.
DAQ SCXIConfigErr: The specified SCXI configuration parameters are invalid, or the function cannot be executed with the current SCXI configuration.
DDE DMLERR_DLL_NOT_INITIALIZED: The DDEML function was called without first calling the DdeInitialize function or an invalid instance identifier was pass to a DDEML function.
DDERow 0: Default Calibration Factors
DIO Port Config
DIO Port Config.vi
DIO Port Config.viQE
DIO Port Config.vi\
DIO Port Read
DIO Port Read.vi
DIO Port Read.vi(
DIO Port Write
DIO Port Write.vi
DIO Port Write.vi`
DIO_R-W.VIHD
DSP FNC_ERR: The function ID specified does not correspond to a function that is part of the DSP Library currently running on the board.
DSP GROUP_ERR. The function ID specified does not belong to any group that is part of the DSP Library currently running on the board.
DVM Correction
DVM Resistance
DVM Resistance6
DVM ResistanceH
Data In Ready protocol violation
Data Out Ready protocol violation
Device Call Aborted
ESR Calibration
ESR Calibration Passed
ESR Calibration22
ESR CalibrationH
Failed Calibration.
File Already Open
For most applications, you only need to connect wires to the controls and indicators displayed in bold.
GNow connect the red lead to the
GPIB EARG: Invalid argument or arguments.bLabVIEW: File already open.
GPIB EFRM: Serial port framing error.
GPIB EMOM: Out of memory (MacBus read or write).VLabVIEW: Device call aborted.
GPIB EOFL: Serial port receive buffer overflow.
GPIB EOIP: New I/O attempted with old I/O in progress.9LabVIEW: Too many files open.
GPIB EORN: Serial port overrun error.
GPIB EPAR: Serial port parity error.
GPIB ESTB: Serial poll byte queue overflow.4LabVIEW: Image not found.
GPIB SPTMO: Serial port timeout; bytes not received at serial port.
GPIB: EABO: I/O operation aborted.9LabVIEW: File not found.
GPIBOpen.viH
Gain Calibration
Gain CalibrationV
GetDevInfoShort.viMD
GetDevInfoShort.viND
GetDevInfoShort.viQD
GetDevInfoShort.vi`
HConnect the black UUT lead to the
HEY!! I said: "Connect the red UUT to the H Terminal of the decade box and set the box to 0.022uF(.0219)". Please do this now!
HIGH Voltage side:
IND-6FMELDKCJBI@GAHBNow connect the red lead to the
IND3Short the UUT leads to the
IND=Short the UUT leads to the
Ind Cal Failed Range
Inductance Calibration
Inductance Decade Box (H Terminal)3Short the UUT leads to the
Inductance Decade Box (H Terminal)=Short the UUT leads to the
Inductance Decade Box (H Terminal)BNow connect the red lead to the
Inductance Decade Box (L Terminal)=Short the UUT leads to the
Inductance Decade Box (L Terminal)BNow connect the red lead to the
Inductor Calibration
Init. Serial PortW
Initialize Cal BoxH
Initialize Cal BoxHDDi3
Initialize Serial Port
Input alt HW Handshake. On the PC, this parameter corresponds to Data Terminal Ready (DTR) handshaking. On the SPARCstation, this parameter is ignored.
Instr Open.viarison.vi
Instr Open.vig
LEADOPEN.viH
LEADOPEN.viHD
LEADOPEN.viHDHh3
LEADOPEN.viW
LEADSHRT.viH
LEADSHRT.viHD
LEADSHRT.viHD\
LEADSHRT.viQE
LEADSHRT.viW
LEADSHRT.vid
LEAK_VLT.VIH
LEAK_VLT.VIS
LEAK_VLT.VIU
LEAK_VLT.VIV
LEAK_VLT.VIW
LOW Voltage side:
LabVIEW: Device unit error.NLabVIEW: Can't open device.
LabVIEW: Memory corrupt.&LabVIEW: Failed to make temporary DLL.
LabVIEW: Print aborted.?LabVIEW: Bad print record.
Lead Open Test/Caps
Lead Zero Short Test
Lead Zero Short Test/ESRKSomething seems to be wrong. Make sure the UUT leads are shorted together.?
Lead Zero Short Test/Inductance
Leak_CAL.VIH
Leak_CAL.VIHD
Leak_CAL.VIHDpr3
Leak_CAL.VIU
Leak_CAL.VIV
Leak_CAL.VIW
Leakage Calibration
Leakage Current Test
Leakage Current TestHDl
Leakage Data
Leakage Data @@
Leakage DataH
Leakage I Data
Leakage I Data"
Leakage I Data&@@
Leakage I DataH
Leakage Voltage Calibration
Leakage Voltage CalibrationV
Leakage Voltage CalibrationfConnect the UUT and/or DVM leads to
Leakage Voltage Test
Leakage Voltage TestH
Leakage Voltage TestfConnect the UUT and/or DVM leads to
Load Select"
Load Select&
Load Select2
Load SelectL
Load SelectP
Load SelectPTH0
Low Value Inductance Box3Short the UUT leads to the
MThis verison of Serial Port Reset.vi is for the Windows 3 version of LabVIEW.
Measure volts, amps, or ohms. Select one of 6 functions. Select range or use auto range. Select trigger mode. Slow reading rate is used for accuracy. version a.0
Most applications need only connect wires to the controls and indicators displayed in bold. Connections to other controls and indicators are useful only if specifically needed.
NFC-Switch the cal box to
NNherror is other than file not found; set error flag TRUE, file path to NotAPath, and refnum to NotARefnummD
Now connect the red UUT to the H Terminal of the decade box and set the box to 0.022uF(.0219).
Open File+.vi
Open File+.vi:EOF
Open File+.vi:File Dialog
Open File+.vi:Open File
Open File+.viH
Open File+.vie
Open FilePTH0
Open GPIB Driver.viv
Open GPIB DriverPD
Open Serial Driver.vi
Open Serial DriverHDdP3
Open Serial DriverRE
Open Serial DriverY
Open instrumentHD
Open/Create/Replace File.vi
Open/Create/Replace File.viZ
Output alt HW Handshake. On the PC, this parameter corresponds to Data Set Ready (DSR) handshaking. On the SPARCstation, this parameter is ignored.
P!Abort Button
P!Start Button
PAn invalid Software Rev. number was specified. Please fix this after cal fails.
Pass/Fail Message
Pass/Fail Message.
Pass/Fail MessageH
Pass/Fail MessageX
Pass/Fail Message`
Pass/Fail Messagex0
Perform Inductance CalibrationV
Port Select*
Port Select.@
Port Select:
Port Select>
Port SelectH
Port Width for the Lab boards, SCXI-1200, DAQBox-1200, DIO-24, DIO-32F, DIO-96, and AT-MIO-16D ports 2, 3 and 4 should be at least 8.
Press 'Enter' when finished.
Press 'Enter' when ready.
Press 'Enter' when ready.cShort the UUT leads to the Capacitance Decade box(LTerminal).
Press F1 to change paths.Y
Print Aborted
QCloses the file on command or when in incoming error occurs and returns the file size at closure.
QMThis verison of Serial Port Reset.vi is for the Windows 3 version of LabVIEW.
QWrites the data in string to write to the serial port indicated in port number.
Qbyte count is the number of bytes currently queued up in the serial port buffer.
RIN>Adjust R1144 for the number
RINBNow adjust R1005 for the number
Range !Gain Calibration Failed
Range +Current Source Calibration Passed
Read Ready protocol violation during transfer
Reads data from a device. The data read is stored in the buffer represented by read buffer. This operation returns when the transfer terminates.
Reset Aborted.
Return String
Return String"@!
Return String&
Return String>
Return String@
Return String@!
Return StringH
Return Stringx0
Return String|
Return Terminator
Return Terminator*
Return Terminator6@P
Return TerminatorH
Return Terminatorp0
Ringer Calibration
Ringer CalibrationLConnect the UUT leads to the
Row 1: Index of Cal Factor in UUT ^
STARTCHK.viHD
STARTCHK.viW
Select measurement function. -
Serial Number
Serial Number"
Serial Number$
Serial NumberH
Serial NumberL
Serial NumberPTH0
Serial NumberU
Serial Numberb
Serial Numberp0
Serial Port Buffer Size.vi
Serial Port Buffer Size.vi.
Serial Port Init.vi
Serial Port Init.vi]
Serial Port Read.vi
Serial Port Read.viHD
Serial Port Read.via
Serial Port Read.vic
Serial Port Read.vir
Serial Port Reset.vi
Serial Port ResetSE
Serial Port Write.vi
Serial Port Write.viW
Set Cal Date
Set Calibration Date
Set Min # samples
Set Serial Number
Set the Inductance
Set the max. # of readings takenH
Settling Time: Delay(mS) for relays to settle.
Setup Relays for Leak. Vlt. Test`
Small Ringer Cal Box set to
Software Rev.
Software Rev. Check
Software Rev."
Software Rev.>
Software Rev.H
Software Rev.PTH0
Software Rev.\
Software Rev.p0
Software Rev.x0
Some error codes returned by the serial port VIs are platform-specific. Please refer to your system documentation for a list of error codes.
Sources Calibrated
Sources Calibrated"
Sources CalibratedH
Start ButtonH
Start Buttonb
Start Cal Factor(0)
Start Cal Factor(0)>
Start Cal Factor(0)H
Start Disable?
Start Disable?.
Start Disable?Z
Status state (Passed/Failed, Ready/Not Ready)$ (U16)
Switch in D/A StandardV
Switching Transformers.
TCP ncAlreadyConnectedErr: The connection is already established.
TEST FAILED!H
TEST FAILED!HD
TEST FAILED!HD(
TEST FAILED!HD0
TEST FAILED!RE
TEST FAILED!S
TEST FAILED!W
TEST PASSED!H
TEST PASSED!S
TEST PASSED!W
TEST PASSED!X
Test Failed!!Y
Test Failed.
Test Leads?&
Test Leads?X
Test Passed!!
Test Passed!!?
Test Passed!!H
Tests Selected
Tests SelectedH
Tests SelectedPTH0
This VI establishes a port configuration. You can use the task ID that this VI returns only in digital port VIs.
This VI reads the port identified by task ID and returns the pattern read.
This version of Set Serial Port Buffer Size.vi is to be used on the SPARC or Windows version of LabVIEW as a subVI to OpenSerialDriver and Serial Port Init.vi.
This vi handles the RS-232 communications for a UUT. FC In and FC Out are used for flow control.
Too Many Files Open
Transfer aborted - Device not DIR
Transfer aborted - Device not DOR
Trigger Abort? Checkn
UQWrites the data in string to write to the serial port indicated in port number.
UUT Calibration Unstamp
UUT Comm.vi+d/
UUT Comm.viH
UUT Comm.viHD
UUT Comm.viK
UUT Comm.viO
UUT Comm.viQE
UUT Comm.viRE
UUT Comm.viS
UUT Comm.viSE
UUT Comm.viU
UUT Comm.viV
UUT Comm.viW
UUT Comm.vi\
UUT Comm.vio
UUT Communications ViX
UUT Validate Calibration
UUT cannot be zeroed.
UUT_BEEP.viW
Uadvisory dialog? Set TRUE (default) if you want a dialog if the file does not exist.
User abort occurred during I/O
VER`Couldn't retrieve the proper Software Rev. number. Please set this manually on the front panel.
VFor most applications, you only need to connect wires to the controls and indicators displayed in bold.
Voltage Reading"
Voltage ReadingH
Wait for UUT to
Warning: Choosing 'Calibration Reset'
When you use the serial port VIs on a Sun SPARCstation, the port number parameter is 0 for /dev/ttya, 1 for /dev/ttyb, and so on.
Write Ready protocol violation during transfer
Writes a character string to a new byte stream file or appends the string to an existing file. The VI opens or creates the file beforehand and closes it afterwards.
Yolks and Flybacks.
You can optionally use the source messages string to pass on the source of the error. Enter one line of text for each element of the error codes array.
ZFor most applications, you only need to connect wires to the controls and indicators displayed in bold.
[[[report file not found if function=0 (open); set file path to empty and refnum to NotARefnumHDt
\\\If the error in cluster has a status of ERROR, pass it through without test for local errorsSE
\default name is the initial file name that appears in the selection box of the file dialog.
aCompares 2 real numbers X and Y. If they are within about 0.1% of each other a TRUE is returned.
aTCP ncNotConnectedErr: The connection is not established.
advisory dialog? Set TRUE (default) if you want a dialog if function=0 and the file does not exist, or if function=2 or 3 and the file exists.
advisory dialog? Set TRUE (default) if you want a dialog if the file does not exist.
and press 'Enter' when ready.
and the '-' lead to TP1020. Adjust
at the current file mark plus pos offset.
at the current file mark plus pos offset. This is the default value.
cFile Dialog cancelled; set Error to Cancelled By User; empty File Path; set Refnum to Not a Refnum.
continue or stop message:
convert eol Set TRUE to convert each platform-specific end of line marker to the LabVIEW marker, line feed. Set FALSE (default value) to do nothing.
convert eol Set TRUE to convert the LabVIEW end of line marker to the platform-specific marker. Set FALSE (default value) to do nothing.
convert eol? converts the LabVIEW end of line marker to the platform specific marker when set to TRUE. When set to false (the default value), no conversion occurs.
creates a new file. Error 8 occurs if the file already exists.
default name is the initial file name that appears in the selection box of the file dialog.
displays a dialog box with buttons allowing the user to either continue or stop. If the user cancels, the VI calls the Stop function to halt execution.
driver opened
driver opened(
driver openedH
driver openedPTH0
eaCompares 2 real numbers X and Y. If they are within about 0.1% of each other a TRUE is returned.
fConnect the UUT and/or DVM leads to
file cannot be openedH
file opened successfullyH
force re-open
force re-open@p
force re-openQ
function (open:0)
function (open:0)"@2
function (open:0)2
function (open:0)H
hOutput XON/XOFF. See the Common Serial Port VI Parameters section of this chapter for more information.
irefnum is the reference number of the open file. The value is Not A Refnum if the file cannot be opened.
is calibrated first.HD
kReturns in byte count the number of bytes in the input buffer of the serial port indicated in port number.
lprompt is the message that appears below the list of files and directories (or folders) in the file dialog.
of rings specified on the cal box.
offset of matchL
offset past match
offset past number
offset past number"@!
offset past number&
offset past number@
offset past numbert
okReturns in byte count the number of bytes in the input buffer of the serial port indicated in port number.
open mode (0)
open mode (0)N
open or create
open or create file
open or create fileHD
opens an existing file or creates a new file if one does not exist.
opens an existing file. Error 7 occurs if the file cannot be found.
port select<
port selectH
port selectPTH0
pos offset (0)
pos offset (0)4
pos offset (0)F
pos offset (bytes:0)
pos offset (bytes:0)"
pos offset (bytes:0)(
pos offset (bytes:0).
pos offset (bytes:0)H
pos offset specifies in characters how far from the location specified by pos mode that the operation begins. The default value is 0.
prompt is the message that appears below the list of files and directories in the file dialog.
qReads the number of characters specified by requested byte count from the serial port indicated in port number.
qTCP ncSysConnAbortedErr: The system caused the connection to be aborted.
rTCP ncConnRefusedErr: The connection was refused by the server.
refnum is the reference number of the open file.
refnum is the reference number of the open file. The value is Not A Refnum if the file cannot be opened.
relative to current mark
relative to current mark@
removes all calibration from
return count
return count"
return count2@P
return count4
return count@
return count[
return string
return string6@P
return stringF
return stringH
return stringx0
rrsFile Dialog cancelled; set error out code to Cancelled By User; set refnum to NotaRefnum and file path to NotAPath.
select mode (2)
serpOpen.viSE
serpOpen.viW
serpOpen.vie
set error on match"
shortvalue @
shortvalue M
source. In case of an error, most VIs that use the error in and error out clusters set source to the name of the VI or function that produced the error.
specific reset ?
specific reset ?"
specific reset ?H
start of read offset (chars.:0 )
start of read offset (chars.:0 )*
start of read offset (chars.:0 ),@
start of read offset (chars.:0 )0@2
start of read offset (chars.:0 )8
start of read offset (chars.:0 )H
start of read offset is the position in the file, measured in characters (or bytes), at which the VI begins reading.
start path (Not A Path)
start path (Not A Path)"
start path (Not A Path)$
start path (Not A Path)2
start path (Not A Path)H
start path (Not A Path)p2
start path is the path name to the initially displayed directory in a file dialog. The default value is Not A Path, which is the path to the last directory shown in a file dialog.
the LC103 Final Test Box.
to the UUT leads.
try to open the file
try to open the fileH
uqReads the number of characters specified by requested byte count from the serial port indicated in port number.
ustart of read offset is the position in the file, measured in characters (or bytes), at which the VI begins reading.
with the leads. Check the leads
xxxxRCouldn't open the Software Rev. file. Place the flopply disk in the computer NOW.'Last known LC103 Software Rev. is: VER
