!Open or Create File (function=%d)
*Reads a specified number of lines from a byte stream file beginning at a specified character offset. The VI opens the file beforehand and closes it afterwards.
- User abort occurred during I/O
--------------LOAD SELECT--------------------------------------
--.file is now open; proceed if function=0 (open)
-1 = library initialization failed
-I/O operation aborted
-Serial Poll Byte Lost
-Unrecognized commandEAbyte count refers to the number of bytes that pass over the GPIB.
0 (open) opens an existing file. Error 7 occurs if the file cannot be found.
0 = Abort if not DIR
0 = Abort if not DOR
0 = The specified information was returned
0=1.1MOhm connected to UUT leads; Same as '9'.
1 (open or create) opens an existing file or creates a new file if one does not exist.
1 = Set END bit on the last byte of transfer
1 = library already initialized
112create a new file if function=1-3 (open or create)
3 (create) creates a new file. Error 8 occurs if the file already exists.
333Short the UUT leads to the
5Generalized DIO96 control.
778file is now open; proceed if function=1 (open or create){D
8attempt to create file fails because file already existsH
;Instr Openi
===Short the UUT leads to the
@Initializes the selected serial port to the specified settings.
@return count
@return count2P@
ABORT?.viPTH0
BBBNow connect the red lead to the
Bytes At Serial Port.vi
Bytes At Serial Port.viPTH0
Can't Open Device
Connection In progress
Connection aborted
Connection closed+Initialize error (interapplication manager)
Connection is already connected
Connection is not connected
Connection refused
Connection timed out!Connection is already in progress
Current Test
DIO Port Config.vi
DIO Port Read.vi
DIO Port Write.vi
DIO Port Write.viPTH0
Data In Ready protocol violation
Data Out Ready protocol violation
Device Call Aborted
File Already Open
For most applications, you only need to connect wires to the controls and indicators displayed in bold.
GPIBOpen.viH
GetDevInfoShort.viMD
GetDevInfoShort.viND
GetDevInfoShort.viQD
GetDevInfoShort.vi`
HIGH Voltage side:
IND-6FMELDKCJBI@GAHBNow connect the red lead to the
IND3Short the UUT leads to the
IND=Short the UUT leads to the
Inductance Decade Box (H Terminal)3Short the UUT leads to the
Inductance Decade Box (H Terminal)=Short the UUT leads to the
Inductance Decade Box (L Terminal)BNow connect the red lead to the
Instr Open.viarison.vi
Instr Open.vig
LEADOPEN.viPTH0
LEADSHRT.viPTH0
LEAK_I.VIPTH0
LEAK_VLT.VIPTH0
LOW Voltage side:
Leak_CAL.VIPTH0
MThis verison of Serial Port Reset.vi is for the Windows 3 version of LabVIEW.
Measure volts, amps, or ohms. Select one of 6 functions. Select range or use auto range. Select trigger mode. Slow reading rate is used for accuracy. version a.0
Most applications need only connect wires to the controls and indicators displayed in bold. Connections to other controls and indicators are useful only if specifically needed.
NNherror is other than file not found; set error flag TRUE, file path to NotAPath, and refnum to NotARefnummD
Open File+.vi
Open File+.viPTH0
Open FilePTH0
Open GPIB Driver.viv
Open GPIB DriverPD
Open Serial Driver.vi
Open Serial Driver.viPTH0
Open/Create/Replace File.vi
Open_Create_Replace File.vi
Open_Create_Replace File.viPTH0
Port Select:
Port Width for the Lab boards, SCXI-1200, DAQBox-1200, DIO-24, DIO-32F, DIO-96, and AT-MIO-16D ports 2, 3 and 4 should be at least 8.
Print Aborted
QCloses the file on command or when in incoming error occurs and returns the file size at closure.
QWrites the data in string to write to the serial port indicated in port number.
Read Ready protocol violation during transfer
Reads data from a device. The data read is stored in the buffer represented by read buffer. This operation returns when the transfer terminates.
Return String
Return Terminator
Ringer.viPTH0
STARTCHK.viPTH0
Serial Number
Serial Port Buffer Size.vi
Serial Port Init.vi
Serial Port Init.viPTH0
Serial Port Read.vi
Serial Port Read.viPTH0
Serial Port Reset.vi
Serial Port Write.vi
Settling Time: Delay(mS) for relays to settle.
Software Rev.
Start Cal Factor(0)
Start Disable?
Status state (Passed/Failed, Ready/Not Ready)$ (U16)
Tests Selected
This VI establishes a port configuration. You can use the task ID that this VI returns only in digital port VIs.
This VI reads the port identified by task ID and returns the pattern read.
This version of Set Serial Port Buffer Size.vi is to be used on the SPARC or Windows version of LabVIEW as a subVI to OpenSerialDriver and Serial Port Init.vi.
This vi handles the RS-232 communications for a UUT. FC In and FC Out are used for flow control.
Too Many Files Open
Transfer aborted - Device not DIR
Transfer aborted - Device not DOR
UUT Comm.viPTH0
UUT_BEEP.viPTH0
User abort occurred during I/O
VFor most applications, you only need to connect wires to the controls and indicators displayed in bold.
Write Ready protocol violation during transfer
Writes a character string to a new byte stream file or appends the string to an existing file. The VI opens or creates the file beforehand and closes it afterwards.
You can optionally use the source messages string to pass on the source of the error. Enter one line of text for each element of the error codes array.
ZFor most applications, you only need to connect wires to the controls and indicators displayed in bold.
[[[report file not found if function=0 (open); set file path to empty and refnum to NotARefnumHDt
\default name is the initial file name that appears in the selection box of the file dialog.
aCompares 2 real numbers X and Y. If they are within about 0.1% of each other a TRUE is returned.
advisory dialog? Set TRUE (default) if you want a dialog if function=0 and the file does not exist, or if function=2 or 3 and the file exists.
advisory dialog? Set TRUE (default) if you want a dialog if the file does not exist.
at the current file mark plus pos offset.
at the current file mark plus pos offset. This is the default value.
convert eol Set TRUE to convert each platform-specific end of line marker to the LabVIEW marker, line feed. Set FALSE (default value) to do nothing.
convert eol Set TRUE to convert the LabVIEW end of line marker to the platform-specific marker. Set FALSE (default value) to do nothing.
creates a new file. Error 8 occurs if the file already exists.
default name is the initial file name that appears in the selection box of the file dialog.
driver opened
file cannot be openedH
file opened successfullyH
function (open:0)
function (open:0)"@2
function (open:0)H
irefnum is the reference number of the open file. The value is Not A Refnum if the file cannot be opened.
kReturns in byte count the number of bytes in the input buffer of the serial port indicated in port number.
lprompt is the message that appears below the list of files and directories (or folders) in the file dialog.
open mode (0)N
open or create
opens an existing file or creates a new file if one does not exist.
opens an existing file. Error 7 occurs if the file cannot be found.
pos offset (0)
pos offset (bytes:0)
pos offset specifies in characters how far from the location specified by pos mode that the operation begins. The default value is 0.
prompt is the message that appears below the list of files and directories in the file dialog.
qReads the number of characters specified by requested byte count from the serial port indicated in port number.
refnum is the reference number of the open file.
refnum is the reference number of the open file. The value is Not A Refnum if the file cannot be opened.
return count
return count"
return count2@P
return count4
return count@
return count[
return string
rrsFile Dialog cancelled; set error out code to Cancelled By User; set refnum to NotaRefnum and file path to NotAPath.
select mode (2)
serpOpen.viPTH0
shortvalue @
shortvalue M
specific reset ?
start of read offset (chars.:0 )
start of read offset is the position in the file, measured in characters (or bytes), at which the VI begins reading.
start path (Not A Path)
start path (Not A Path)H
start path (Not A Path)p2
start path is the path name to the initially displayed directory in a file dialog. The default value is Not A Path, which is the path to the last directory shown in a file dialog.
try to open the file
